README.md, before:

# Brain Games
![PHP Composer](https://github.com/svntmr/php-project-lvl1/workflows/PHP%20Composer/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push) [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/0cb49ecb5cc457282e8a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/svntmr/php-project-lvl1/maintainability)    
   
**TODO**   
* Add Normal Description   
## Brain Even
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/tUw9Zd1HfIm7KqhIVhOP1INf2.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/tUw9Zd1HfIm7KqhIVhOP1INf2)
## Brain Calc
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/gFwhFKUQdczmXtZQFbqd43cAN.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/gFwhFKUQdczmXtZQFbqd43cAN)
## Brain GDC
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/8YcplJpcsiU0aJnpdbe8sCD3O.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/8YcplJpcsiU0aJnpdbe8sCD3O)
## Brain Progression
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Ni19LxanYMrBcOvUVWVEaZHP8.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Ni19LxanYMrBcOvUVWVEaZHP8)

Commit message:

complete step 9
add new asciinema, update repo description

README.md, after:

# Brain Games
![PHP Composer](https://github.com/svntmr/php-project-lvl1/workflows/PHP%20Composer/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push) [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/0cb49ecb5cc457282e8a/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/svntmr/php-project-lvl1/maintainability)    
   
**First Hexlet.io PHP course project, pack of ~~fun~~ interesting games for terminal**
  
## Brain Even
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/tUw9Zd1HfIm7KqhIVhOP1INf2.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/tUw9Zd1HfIm7KqhIVhOP1INf2)
## Brain Calc
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/gFwhFKUQdczmXtZQFbqd43cAN.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/gFwhFKUQdczmXtZQFbqd43cAN)
## Brain GDC
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/8YcplJpcsiU0aJnpdbe8sCD3O.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/8YcplJpcsiU0aJnpdbe8sCD3O)
## Brain Progression
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/Ni19LxanYMrBcOvUVWVEaZHP8.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/Ni19LxanYMrBcOvUVWVEaZHP8)
## Brain Prime
How to install globally and run
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/mZwEQLv8VZoWSl1djqZzhFuoK.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/mZwEQLv8VZoWSl1djqZzhFuoK)
